Add documentation about repositories, production flow and workflow (#2)
next-exp/sw-docs: docs/source/prodflow.rst

Additionally, a different chain will be follow depending on the type of simulation, and detector geometry. The cities mentioned along this list are summarised in :doc:`IC`.
It is also important to remark that during data acquisition, two different trigger configurations are considered:

 * *Trigger 1*: to select low energy events, i.e. Kr events.
 * *Trigger 2*: to select high energy events, e.g. Tl events, bb events, etc.

Simulations will be separated depending on which type of generator is used, as Trigger 1 or 2 like events.

.. warning::
  Software is in a constant evolution process, this is a current picture, but it might change in few months. Stay tuned!

For both samples, when representing the production flow, the type of same legend is used:

  .. image:: images/legend.png
    :width: 850

Data
------------
Data collected in NEXT detectors is in form of *Raw Waveforms* (**RWF**, in ADCs). The following production flow is used over the **RWFs** for both type of Triggers:

  .. image:: images/prodflow_data.png
    :width: 850

>  * Sensor parameters need for **Irene** need to be updated before any reconstruction. These are obtained from calibration using **Phyllis**, **Trude**, and **Beredice** IC cities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Sensor parameters for **Irene** need to be updated before any reconstruction. These are obtained from calibration using **Phyllis**, **Trude**, and **Beredice** IC cities.
```

Also it's worth mentioning here that these parameters are updated regularly during detector operation, that they are stored in a database and that updates to the database are pushed to the repository, so keeping up to date with the main branch is very much recommended.

Simulations do not produce directly **RWF**, for that reason is required to run additional cities in the production flow. The first type of data format that is constructed from NEXUS files is *True Waveforms* (**TWF**, in photoelectrons).
To construct them is necessary to take into account **which type of simulation** is used. NEXUS simulations can be produced including sensors information, like time and detected charge of the sensors (*full simulation*)
or just with the information from the true hits of deposit energy (*fast simulations*). Depending of this output, a different reconstruction chain will need to be implemented: **Buffy** or **Detsim**.

   .. image:: images/prodflow_nexus_TWF.png
     :width: 850

**Detsim** files require of Lighttables and PSFs. The ones created for official production can be found in :doc:`production`. Otherwise, a review about how they can be created can be found in "How to :ref:`lighttables`".

Once **TWFs** are created, the simulation production flow take a different way depending on **which type of detector** is simulated. This is caused by the fact that some of the geometries do not have electronic parameters included in their database.

> It currently happens for NEXT-100 and NEXT-FLEX geometries. In that case, **RWF** can not be produced, and we can produce **pmaps** using **Hypathia**. For detectors with the electronic parameters included (like DEMOPP or NEXT-White), we can transform **TWF** into **RWF** using **Diomira**.

Reviewer: I think this is more accurate, but feel free to change it if you think it's more clear.
```suggestion
It currently happens for NEXT-100 and NEXT-FLEX geometries. In that case, we produce **pmaps** directly using **Hypathia** (pseudo-**RWF** are created on the fly but not stored). For detectors with the electronic parameters included (like DEMOPP or NEXT-White), we can transform **TWF** into **RWF** using **Diomira**.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is the right place to put this, but IIRC, these pseudo-rwf contain only gaussian electronic noise and gain fluctuations in the PMTs while SiPMs have the same processing.

  .. image:: images/prodflow_TWF_pmaps.png
    :width: 850

> From this point on, the same production flow than data is used in simulations (see imagen from Data section).

Reviewer 2: imagen --> image.
